Monticello Consulting Group seeks Python Developer to join our Agile development team supporting a regulatory reporting engine in our fast-growing financial consulting business. We are looking for a strong coder who can immediately contribute to this system composed of a rules engine, an object-oriented database, an XML parser for inbound data, and an XML formatter for outbound data. Our competitive compensation rewards creativity and problem-solving in a fast-paced environment.
Qualifications:

    Python coding ability preferred but not required, candidate must be willing to learn python.
    Experienced developers familiar with C# / C++ / Java / Perl will be considered.
    In-depth understanding of object-oriented methodology, algorithms, data structures, and design patterns required.
    Understanding and experience with Agile Development a plus
    Financial Markets experience preferred.

 

Monticello Consulting Group is a boutique management consulting firm servicing clients in the global financial services industry.  Our mission is simple—to provide exceptional management consulting services by focusing on three core principles for our clients: value creation, superior execution, and uncompromising integrity.

If you are looking to build a rewarding career in management consulting, we encourage you to reach out to Monticello Consulting Group.  Our goal is to build a global networked management consulting organization, providing exceptional client service to the banking and wealth management service sectors and beyond.  You will find we offer a diverse work environment, challenging career development opportunities, and the chance to work with some of the brightest minds in business.  Monticello Consulting Group offers a competitive salary in the profession along with health insurance, dental insurance, 401K plan, and paid vacation/sick days.

Monticello Consulting is hiring W-2 employees, we are not a staffing firm, and we will be conducting a thorough background check and a drug screening.  If you are looking for a rewarding place to build your career, we look forward to speaking with you. 

Monticello Consulting Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
